Yves: After the photo shooting at morning,
Yves: We will do a photo shoot soon at this night time!
(They are trying to transport to somewhere has a great night view!)
Yves: Count 1, 2, 3 and say jump! Then we will be there!
Yves: 1, 2, 3! Jump!
Yves: You better be graceful! Your hair will be ruined!
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ / yyxy - love4eva (feat. Grimes)"
(The girls enjoying a beautiful night view of Budapest while strolling)
Yves: We'are walking...
Chuu: Around the world!
*reference to KBS's 걸어서 세계 속으로(Backpack Travels). It's a South Korean world travel tv show.
(The first day photo shooting is over!)
All: Thank you~
Chuu: Today passed
Olivia He: by so quickly~
(Go Won said it's the most favorite time in today!)
Olivia Hye: The night view is really pretty~
Yves: However my favorite is today's first photo shooting!
Go Won: Because she looked at hamburgers~
Go Won: And she held hamburgers~
Yves: We will take a rest and get ready to the next photo shooting.
Yves: And we will do better tomorrow!
Chuu: Good!
All: See you tomorrow!
(Teleport to the hotel?)